Finetuning with weights in bfloat16 (#100)
Lightning-AI/lit-llama: README.md

   ```

It is expected that you have downloaded the pretrained weights as described above.

> The finetuning requires a GPU with ~24 GB memory (GTX 3090).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finetuning using LLaMA-Adapter requires a GPU with ~24 GB memory (GTX 3090).
```

> Coming soon: LoRA + quantization for training on a consumer-grade GPU!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
